Project description
Functionality of the NFT marketplace

Home page
The main page of the site consists of the following blocks
Top sellers and buyers
Top collections
Hot auctions
Featured
NFT categories

Marketplace
Marketplace - a page with all NFTs existing on the platform. The marketplace page presents
a multi-level system of filters and sorting

Authorization using a chain
Login to the system is carried out using Metamask, Wallet Connect, Torus. Immediately after
that, in the case of the first login, the user signs an agreement with the terms of use and is
asked to go through a verification tour.

Username
Creator/Collector (The collector will not be able to create new objects in the system)
Email
Bio
Social networks (Instagram/Twitter/Dribble/Behans/YouTube, fill in at least two)
Screenshot of the work process or URL of an existing NFT (For the creator)

User Profile
The following objects in the user profile
Avatar
Username
Wallet address (copied)
Email
Bio
Invite friends (Ability to copy a personalized invitation link)
Subscribers (a list opens by clicking)
Subscriptions (a list opens by clicking)
Number of likes (summed up with all created nft)
Editing
Mark of passed/failed verification
Profile Editing button

Creating an NFT
While creating an NFT, the user has a wide range of actions and convenient functionality for
creating an NFT. When uploading a video or music, the user has the opportunity to upload a
short segment or an image that will serve as a cover for the card of this NFT. At the end of
the NFT creation, the user can see how the preview of the NFT card will look like. Also, a
bonus for the creator is the ability to specify the percentage that will be deducted to the
author from each subsequent resale of the NFT object

Viewing the NFT card
Viewing card details

Purchase
Any user with the exception of the owner of the NFT has the opportunity to buy an NFT.
In the case of an NFT with a series of copies, the user can choose how many copies he is
willing to buy. Also, in the case of multiple NFT, the cheapest price for a certain number of
copies is displayed on the NFT card, if several people sell copies at different prices, the
remaining prices can be seen on the NFT owners tab.

Bet
Any user with the exception of the owner of the NFT has the opportunity to bid at the
auction. The bid must be at least 5% higher than the previous one

Auction closing
After the auction ends, the NFT cardholder must go to the card and accept the last or other
bid to receive tokens and sell the NFT

Share NFT
Each user has the opportunity to share NFT in social networks. The function can be called
both from the card preview and from the card itself

Complain about NFT
Each user has the opportunity to complain to NFT if he violates any legislation or is a
copy-paste of someone else's work. All complaints are considered by the administrator. The
function can be called both from the card preview and from the card itself

NFT Burning
In the menu of the NFT card there is an opportunity to activate the Burn function and remove
your NFT from the blockchain

NFT Transfer
In addition to selling NFT, the user also has the opportunity to give NFT to any other user of
the system or to any user outside the system using a wallet address or a username. The
action is performed from the user card menu

Withdrawal from sale
NFT can be withdrawn from sale at any time from any type of sale in the NFT card

Admin panel
In the admin panel, the admin has the opportunity to view all SUCH, collections, complaints
or a list of users, distribute referral rewards, verify the user or block the user or TAE, set the
system commission for the sale of TAE
